routine that every homeowner should do
is but some type of rip killer down
there main drain once or twice a year
and Ritz Natalie can cause a clog but
they do extensive damage to your main
pipes so something like this this is
from aerobic this is a foaming root
killer and what's nice about this is
they don't have any copper in this
product it also expands inside the main
drain to coat the whole pipe getting all
the way around the joint where the tree
roots can find water and nutrients so
the way we want to use this one bottle
like this is good for 50 feet so most
houses in a subdivision you have about a
50 foot difference between your toilet
and the main drain out in the street and
if you have further than that you can
use two bottles and that will do about
75 feet so the way you're going to use
it is you want to wear rubber gloves
just open it up and we're going to find
the entire contents down the into the
toilet and you want the toilet that's
the closest to the front of the house or
closest to the main drain so we're going
to pour the entire contents in there's
going to be a little piece of paper that
separates the two chemicals and that's
flushable and it's fine for septic
systems also but we're going to pour it
in flush it and hold the handle so that
we have a lot of push from the water
so as soon as it's in hold the handles
down as long as you can and then we're
just going to let the tank fill up and
then we'll flush it again and you don't
want to use your toilet for six to eight
hours so first thing in the morning
before work or the last thing the
evening before you go to bed use this
flush it twice and it's going to do a
fantastic job and ruts that the tree
sends out they can be as tiny as a human
hair and when they find those joints in
your main drain where there's a little
bit of water seepage they get into that
and they expand very quickly in effect
because a main drain is such a great
place for nutrients and water they
expand very quickly causing a clog and
they can actually break apart that pipe
so this will foam it will go into that
joint and it'll actually kill everything
there and if there's any existing roots
it's going to dry them out make them
very brittle so over the next few days
as you plus your toilet it's going to
break them all that way so an excellent
product of a spawning wood killer you
can find at your local hardware store
and if they don't have it they can order
for you